🔄 Refresh Anchor Platform contributing guide (#2671)
stellar/stellar-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - [Code examples](#code-examples)
    - [Terminology and style](#terminology-and-style)
  - [Site Code and Infrastructure](#site-code-and-infrastructure)

>     - [API reference pages are generated](#api-pages)

Reviewer: this set of changes is unnecessary. along with the empty `<a>` element later on.

Author: I want to do a lot more with the section and use `api-pages` as a consistent cross-reference for https://github.com/JFWooten4/stellar-docs/issues/8. I see how that might look unclear with only a partial implementation in one place here. I've removed this for now in https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/2671/commits/dcfa71d9088018b9b13b8a07a58c6f1f52215017, since a more complete implementation will probably need its own page subheading anyway, so it will have a native proper tag.

### Links

- **Internal links are relative file paths, including the `.mdx` extension**: `[fees](../../learn/fundamentals/fees-resource-limits-metering.mdx#inclusion-fee)`. Docusaurus resolves these at build time, so a broken path fails the build instead of shipping a 404.

>   - _Exception:_ **Across plugin instances, use an absolute URL path.** For example, a page in the main docs linking to a meeting should use `[discussion](/meetings/2024/06/27)`. Docusaurus cannot resolve relative file paths between here.

Reviewer: good addition!

```suggestion
  - _Exception:_ **Across plugin instances, use an absolute URL path.** For example, a page in the main docs linking to a meeting should use `[discussion](/meetings/2024/06/27)`. Docusaurus cannot resolve relative file paths between different plugins.
```

Author: I explicitly removed the plugin distinction because it wasn't entirely clear to me. Starting off my edits, I really didn't know what plugins were. And the way this was originally framed made it sound like the docs subfolders were all different, which they aren't.

```suggestion
  - _Exception:_ **Across plugin instances, use an absolute URL path.** For example, a page in the main docs linking to a meeting should use `[discussion](/meetings/2024/06/27)`. Docusaurus cannot resolve relative file paths between root sections.
```
